hi I'm June Shay president and principal
creative force behind Shay studio
interiors and i'm here to show you how
you can create a beautiful holiday home
and how to do the decorations yourself
like a pro i'm going to be showing you
how to do some really simple things that
you can do on your own at home i'll show
you how to create a centerpiece how to
set your Christmas or holiday table how
to create a place card how to make a bow
how to decorate a wreath how to decorate
an entrance how to make your mailbox
look festive and just how to add some
interest in details in your holiday
decorating some of the basic tools that
you're going to need and you don't need
a lot you want to have some scissors
some wire cutters some assorted greens
and they can be real or they can be
artificial several spools of wired
ribbon and wired is important because it
gives you the best result you'll also
want perhaps some lights before we begin
safety is very important if you're using
ladders properly secure the hinges so
you don't wobble and fall and you'll be
using some tools that just general
safety precautions will be in order
before we begin I'd like to tell you a
little bit about myself I'm president
and creative force behind Shay studio
interiors I've been in business for the
past 18 years and I am a certified
residential interior designer I also do
commercial interior design and in a
previous incarnation I did store
interiors so I take all of those skills
and and bring them to the position that
I have now which is Jay studio interiors
which is a full-service interior design
studio festive and spirited decor is
only a few moments away let's get
started to watch the other segments in
this video series or for how-to videos
on almost any other topic visit
monkey-see calm